prepare v0.2.5 release (#83)
crypto-com/pystarport: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

*Feb 7, 2023*

## v0.2.5

- [#51](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/51) support include yaml
- [#52](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/52) support jsonnet as config language
- [#56](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/56) Support override config.toml for all validators
- [#69](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/69) Support hermes 1.x
- [#70](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/70) Add config item `cmd-flags` to supply custom flags for all
  chain binary commands
- [#71](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/71) strip ansi codes from the node's output
- [#73](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/73) Support more optional validator fields:
  commission_rate/commission_max_rate/commission_max_change_rate/details/security_contact

> - [#78](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/78) [#79](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/79) set working directories for tasks in supervisord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#78](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/78) Set working directory for node processes in supervisor
- [#79](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/pull/79) Add directory for relayer log
```

# Changelog

*Feb 7, 2023*

## v0.2.5

> 

Reviewer: seems not all [changes](https://github.com/crypto-com/pystarport/compare/v0.2.4...main) mentioned in the doc

Author: fixed
